"A fully differential calculation in perturbative quantum chromodynamics is presented for the production of massive photon pairs at hadron colliders. All next-to-leading order perturbative contributions from quark-antiquark, gluon-(anti)quark, and gluon-gluon subprocesses are included, as well as all-orders resummation of initial-state gluon radiation valid at next-to-next-to-leading logarithmic accuracy."
"We describe a new algorithm, the $(k,\ell)$-pebble game with colors, and use it to obtain a characterization of the family of $(k,\ell)$-sparse graphs and algorithmic solutions to a family of problems concerning tree decompositions of graphs."
"The evolution of Earth-Moon system is described by the dark matter field fluid model proposed in the Meeting of Division of Particle and Field 2004, American Physical Society."
"We show that a determinant of Stirling cycle numbers counts unlabeled acyclic single-source automata. The proof involves a bijection from these automata to certain marked lattice paths and a sign-reversing involution to evaluate the determinant."
"In this paper we show how to compute the $\Lambda_{\alpha}$ norm, $\alpha\ge 0$, using the dyadic grid."
"We study the two-particle wave function of paired atoms in a Fermi gas with tunable interaction strengths controlled by Feshbach resonance." ,"The Cooper pair wave function is examined for its bosonic characters, which is quantified by the correction of Bose enhancement factor associated with the creation and annihilation composite particle operators." ,"Two definitions of Cooper pair wave function are examined." ,"One of which is chosen to reflect the off-diagonal long-range order (ODLRO). Another one corresponds to a pair projection of a BCS state." ,"On the side with negative scattering length, we found that paired atoms described by ODLRO are more bosonic than the pair projected definition." ,"It is also found that at $(k_F a)^{-1} \ge 1$, both definitions give similar results, where more than 90% of the atoms occupy the corresponding molecular condensates."
"Here we explore different aspects of the relation between the ordinary Schroedinger theory and the polymer description." ,"In the first one, we derive the polymer quantum mechanics starting from the ordinary Schroedinger theory and show that the polymer description arises as an appropriate limit." ,"In the second part we consider the continuum limit of this theory, namely, the reverse process in which one starts from the discrete theory and tries to recover back the ordinary Schroedinger quantum mechanics." ,"We consider several examples of interest, including the harmonic oscillator, the free particle and a simple cosmological model."
"A general formulation was developed to represent material models for applications in dynamic loading." ,"Numerical methods were devised to calculate response to shock and ramp compression, and ramp decompression, generalizing previous solutions for scalar equations of state." ,"The numerical methods were found to be flexible and robust, and matched analytic results to a high accuracy." ,"The basic ramp and shock solution methods were coupled to solve for composite deformation paths, such as shock-induced impacts, and shock interactions with a planar interface between different materials." ,"These calculations capture much of the physics of typical material dynamics experiments, without requiring spatially-resolving simulations."
"In particular we present a set of criteria for isolating bona fide young stellar objects, YSO's, from the extensive background contamination by extra-galactic objects." ,"An additional set of 51 lower confidence YSO's outside this area is identified from the MIPS data combined with 2MASS photometry." ,"We describe two sets of results, color-color diagrams to compare our observed source properties with those of theoretical models for star/disk/envelope systems and our own modeling of the subset of our objects that appear to be star+disks." ,"These objects exhibit a very wide range of disk properties, from many that can be fit with actively accreting disks to some with both passive disks and even possibly debris disks." ,"A spatial clustering analysis shows that the nominally less-evolved YSO's are more highly clustered than the later stages and that the background extra-galactic population can be fit by the same two-point correlation function as seen in other extra-galactic studies." ,"We also present a table of matches between several previous infrared and X-ray studies of the Serpens YSO population and our Spitzer data set."
"Structures on a graph defined by means of semicubes, and Djokovi'{c}'s and Winkler's relations play an important role in the theory of partial cubes." ,"These structures are employed in the paper to characterize bipartite graphs and partial cubes of arbitrary dimension." ,"New characterizations are established and new proofs of some known results are given." ,"The operations of Cartesian product and pasting, and expansion and contraction processes are utilized in the paper to construct new partial cubes from old ones." ,"In particular, the isometric and lattice dimensions of finite partial cubes obtained by means of these operations are calculated."
"In this paper we present an algorithm for computing Hecke eigensystems of Hilbert-Siegel cusp forms over real quadratic fields of narrow class number one."
"In this paper, using Rankin-Cohen Bracket, we extend this result to modular forms of half integral weight for primes $p \geq 5$."
"A proof is based on linear relations among Fourier coefficients of modular forms of half integral weight."
"In this article we discuss a relation between the string topology and differential forms based on the theory of Chen's iterated integrals and the cyclic bar complex."
"This paper explores different methods to evaluate these integrals and then uses them to calculate the kinematic factors of the one-loop and two-loop massless four-point amplitudes involving two and four Ramond states."
"We carefully calculate the non-spectator contributions at the quark level where the Cabibbo-suppressed diagrams are also included. The hadronic matrix elements are evaluated in the simple non-relativistic harmonic oscillator model."
"Results from spectroscopic observations of the Intermediate Polar (IP) EX Hya in quiescence during 1991 and 2001 are presented."
"We give a prescription for how to compute the Callias index, using as regulator an exponential function."
"In this note we give a new method for getting a series of approximations for the extinction probability of the one-dimensional contact process by using the Gröbner basis."
"The shape of the hadronic form factor f+(q2) in the decay D0 --> K- e+ nue has been measured in a model independent analysis and compared with theoretical calculations."
"Spatiotemporal pattern formation in a product-activated enzymic reaction at high enzyme concentrations is investigated."
"We present Lie group integrators for nonlinear stochastic differential equations with non-commutative vector fields whose solution evolves on a smooth finite dimensional manifold."
"Computations carried out with a sophisticated dynamic model of the solar chromosphere due to Carlsson and Stein demonstrate that millimeter emission is extremely sensitive to dynamic processes in the chromosphere and the appropriate wavelengths to look for dynamic signatures are in the range 0.8-5.0 mm."
"The formation of quasi-2D spin-wave waveforms in longitudinally magnetized stripes of ferrimagnetic film was observed by using time- and space-resolved Brillouin light scattering technique."
"We present recent advances in understanding of the ground and excited states of the electron-phonon coupled systems obtained by novel methods of Diagrammatic Monte Carlo and Stochastic Optimization, which enable the approximation-free calculation of Matsubara Green function in imaginary times and perform unbiased analytic continuation to real frequencies."
"Zero-divisors (ZDs) derived by Cayley-Dickson Process (CDP) from N-dimensional hypercomplex numbers (N a power of 2, at least 4) can represent singularities and, as N approaches infinite, fractals -- and thereby, scale-free networks."
"We describe a peculiar fine structure acquired by the in-plane optical phonon at the Gamma-point in graphene when it is brought into resonance with one of the inter-Landau-level transitions in this material."
"We prove pfaffian and hafnian versions of Lieb's inequalities on determinants and permanents of positive semi-definite matrices."
"In $\XQM$, a quark can emit Goldstone bosons. The flavor symmetry breaking in the Goldstone boson emission process is used to interpret the nucleon flavor-spin structure."
"We investigate the effect of tuning the phonon energy on the correlation effects in models of electron-phonon interactions using DMFT."
"We show that crystal can trap a broad (x, x', y, y', E) distribution of particles and channel it preserved with a high precision."
"We consider the effect of NSI on the neutrino propagation through the SN envelope within a three-neutrino framework, paying special attention to the inclusion of NSI-induced resonant conversions, which may take place in the most deleptonised inner layers."
"We performed a rigorous theoretical convergence analysis of the discrete dipole approximation (DDA). We prove that errors in any measured quantity are bounded by a sum of a linear and quadratic term in the size of a dipole d, when the latter is in the range of DDA applicability."
""
"We propose an extrapolation technique that allows accuracy improvement of the discrete dipole approximation computations." ,"The performance of this technique was studied empirically based on extensive simulations for 5 test cases using many different discretizations." ,"We also propose estimates of the extrapolation error, which were proven to be reliable." ,"Finally, we propose a simple method to directly separate shape and discretization errors and illustrated this for one test case."
"In this paper, we study the number of positive steady states of a general multisite phosphorylation-dephosphorylation cycle, and how the number of positive steady states varies by changing the biological parameters." ,"We show analytically that (1) for some parameter ranges, there are at least n+1 (if n is even) or n (if n is odd) steady states; (2) there never are more than 2n-1 steady states (in particular, this implies that for n=2, including single levels of MAPK cascades, there are at most three steady states); (3) for parameters near the standard Michaelis-Menten quasi-steady state conditions, there are at most n+1 steady states; and (4) for parameters far from the standard Michaelis-Menten quasi-steady state conditions, there is at most one steady state."
"In this manuscript we investigate the capabilities of the Discrete Dipole Approximation (DDA) to simulate scattering from particles that are much larger than the wavelength of the incident light, and describe an optimized publicly available DDA computer program that processes the large number of dipoles required for such simulations."
"We present a review of the discrete dipole approximation (DDA), which is a general method to simulate light scattering by arbitrarily shaped particles."
"Recently, Yndur'ain, using an Omn`es representation of the null isospin(I) non-strange pion scalar form factor, obtains \la r^2\ra^\pi_s=0.75\pm 0.07 fm^2." ,"We reanalyze Yndur'ain's method and show that by imposing continuity of the resulting pion scalar form factor under tiny changes in the input \pi\pi phase shifts, a zero in the form factor for some S-wave I=0 T-matrices is then required." ,"The main source of error in our determination is present experimental uncertainties in low energy S-wave I=0 \pi\pi phase shifts."
"In this framework, the paper presents several positivity results, a version of the central limit theorem and an analogue of the conditionally free R-transform constructed by means of multilinear function series."
"We formulate a quantum generalization of the notion of the group of Riemannian isometries for a compact Riemannian manifold, by introducing a natural notion of smooth and isometric action by a compact quantum group on a classical or noncommutative manifold described by spectral triples, and then proving the existence of a universal object (called the quantum isometry group) in the category of compact quantum groups acting smoothly and isometrically on a given (possibly noncommutative) manifold satisfying certain regularity assumptions."
"It is outlined the possibility to extend the quantum formalism in relation to the requirements of the general systems theory." ,"In conclusion we propose an example of formal quantum coherence."
"We construct a system of nonequilibrium entropy limiters for the lattice Boltzmann methods (LBM)." ,"The constructed limiters are tested on classical numerical examples."
"We present a theoretical framework for plasma turbulence in astrophysical plasmas (solar wind, interstellar medium, galaxy clusters, accretion disks)." ,"Kolmogorov-style scaling relations are derived for these cascades. Astrophysical and space-physical applications are discussed in detail."
"This paper considers the propagation of shallow-water solitary and nonlinear periodic waves over a gradual slope with bottom friction in the framework of a variable-coefficient Korteweg-de Vries equation." ,"In particular, it is shown that the combined action of variable topography and bottom friction generally imposes certain global restrictions on the undular bore propagation so that the evolution of the leading solitary wave can be substantially different from that of an isolated solitary wave with the same initial amplitude."
"This paper considers the propagation of shallow-water solitary and nonlinear periodic waves over a gradual slope with bottom friction in the framework of a variable-coefficient Korteweg-de Vries equation." ,"In particular, it is shown that the combined action of variable topography and bottom friction generally imposes certain global restrictions on the undular bore propagation so that the evolution of the leading solitary wave can be substantially different from that of an isolated solitary wave with the same initial amplitude."
"The intelligent acoustic emission locator is described in Part I, while Part II discusses blind source separation, time delay estimation and location of two simultaneously active continuous acoustic emission sources." ,"This article describes an intelligent acoustic emission source locator. The intelligent locator comprises a sensor antenna and a general regression neural network, which solves the location problem based on learning from examples."
"We implemented an end-to-end pipeline consisting of a grid-based coherent pre-processing unit for signal detection, and an automatic Markov Chain Monte Carlo post-processing unit for signal evaluation." ,"We also demonstrate that the Markov Chain Monte Carlo routine is additionally able to determine accurately the noise level in the frequency window of interest."
"We present an algorithm that produces the classification list of smooth Fano d-polytopes for any given d. The input of the algorithm is a single number, namely the positive integer d."
"Part I describes an intelligent acoustic emission locator, while Part II discusses blind source separation, time delay estimation and location of two continuous acoustic emission sources." ,"The purpose of this paper is to demonstrate the applicability of ICA to locate two independent simultaneously active acoustic emission sources on an aluminum band specimen."
"A novel way of picturing the processing of quantum information is described, allowing a direct visualization of teleportation of quantum states and providing a simple and intuitive understanding of this fascinating phenomenon." ,"The discussion is aimed at providing physicists a method of explaining teleportation to non-scientists."
"We first consider Euclidean quantum field theory on a static Riemannian manifold, and show that the isometry group is generated by one-parameter subgroups which have either self-adjoint or unitary quantizations. We analytically continue the self-adjoint semigroups to one-parameter unitary groups, and thus construct a unitary representation of the isometry group of the associated Lorentzian manifold."
"The aim of the present paper is to provide a global presentation of the theory of special Finsler manifolds. We introduce and investigate globally (or intrinsically, free from local coordinates) many of the most important and most commonly used special Finsler manifolds."
"In this paper we consider the Hardy-Lorentz spaces $H^{p,q}(R^n)$, with $0<p\le 1$, $0<q\le \infty$. We discuss the atomic decomposition of the elements in these spaces, their interpolation properties, and the behavior of singular integrals and other operators acting on them."
"Potassium intercalation in graphite is investigated by first-principles theory. The bonding in the potassium-graphite compound is reasonably well accounted for by traditional semilocal density functional theory (DFT) calculations. However, to investigate the intercalate formation energy from pure potassium atoms and graphite requires use of a description of the graphite interlayer binding and thus a consistent account of the nonlocal dispersive interactions."
"We study a simple model of a nematic liquid crystal made of parallel ellipsoidal particles interacting via a repulsive Gaussian law. After identifying the relevant solid phases of the system through a careful zero-temperature scrutiny of as many as eleven candidate crystal structures, we determine the melting temperature for various pressure values, also with the help of exact free energy calculations."
"We use single site dynamical mean field theory with a recently developed impurity solver which is able to access strong couplings and low temperatures. The fillings of the orbitals and the location of phase boundaries are computed as a function of Coulomb repulsion, exchange coupling and crystal field splitting."
""
"We derive masses and radii for both components in the single-lined eclipsing binary HAT-TR-205-013... Our observed line broadening, $V_{\rm rot} \sin i_{\rm rot} = 28.9 \pm 1.0$ \kms, gives a primary radius of $R_{\rm A} = 1.28 \pm 0.04$ \rsun. Our light curve analysis leads to the radius of the secondary, $R_{\rm B} = 0.167 \pm 0.006$ \rsun, and the semimajor axis of the orbit, $a = 7.54 \pm 0.30 \rsun = 0.0351 \pm 0.0014$ AU... The method we describe offers the opportunity to study the very low end of the stellar mass-radius relation."
"We investigate the Coulomb excitation of low-lying states of unstable nuclei in intermediate energy collisions ($E_{lab}\sim10-500$ MeV/nucleon). It is shown that the cross sections for the $E1$ and $E2$ transitions are larger at lower energies, much less than 10 MeV/nucleon. Retardation effects and Coulomb distortion are found to be both relevant for energies as low as 10 MeV/nucleon and as high as 500 MeV/nucleon."
"The main focus of this article is interrelation between generalized cosine transforms of different kinds in the context of their application to investigation of a certain family of intersection bodies, which we call $\lam$-intersection bodies. In particular, we show that restrictions onto lower dimensional subspaces of the spherical Radon transforms and the generalized cosine transforms preserve their integral-geometric structure. We apply this result to the study of sections of $\lam$-intersection bodies."
"In this paper, we introduce the on-line Viterbi algorithm for decoding hidden Markov models (HMMs) in much smaller than linear space." ,"Our analysis on two-state HMMs suggests that the expected maximum memory used to decode sequence of length $n$ with $m$-state HMM can be as low as $\Theta(m\log n)$, without a significant slow-down compared to the classical Viterbi algorithm." ,"We also experimentally demonstrate the performance of the on-line Viterbi algorithm on a simple HMM for gene finding on both simulated and real DNA sequences."
"This article is a brief review of the experiments in search of neutrinoless double beta decay from 76Ge." ,"Following a brief introduction of the process of double beta decay from 76Ge, the results of the very first experiments IGEX and Heidelberg-Moscow which give indications of the existence of possible neutrinoless double beta decay mode has been reviewed." ,"Then ongoing efforts to substantiate the early findings are presented and the Majorana experiment as a future experimental approach which will allow a very detailed study of the neutrinoless decay mode is discussed."
"We capture the off-shell as well as the on-shell nilpotent Becchi-Rouet-Stora-Tyutin (BRST) and anti-BRST symmetry invariance of the Lagrangian densities of the four (3 + 1)-dimensional (4D) (non-)Abelian 1-form gauge theories within the framework of the superfield formalism." ,"In particular, we provide the geometrical interpretations for (i) the above nilpotent symmetry invariance, and (ii) the above Lagrangian densities, in the language of the specific quantities defined in the domain of the above superfield formalism." ,"Some of the subtle points, connected with the 4D (non-)Abelian 1-form gauge theories, are clarified within the framework of the above superfield formalism where the 4D ordinary gauge theories are considered on the (4, 2)-dimensional supermanifold parametrized by the four spacetime coordinates x^\mu (with \mu = 0, 1, 2, 3) and a pair of Grassmannian variables \theta and \bar\theta." ,"One of the key results of our present investigation is a great deal of simplification in the geometrical understanding of the nilpotent (anti-)BRST symmetry invariance."
"We introduce a family of rings of symmetric functions depending on an infinite sequence of parameters." ,"We give a combinatorial rule for their calculation by modifying an earlier result of B. Sagan and the author." ,"We apply this formula for the calculation of the product of equivariant Schubert classes on Grassmannians which implies a stability property of the structure coefficients." ,"We also use the Littlewood-Richardson polynomials to describe the multiplication rule in the algebra of the Casimir elements for the general linear Lie algebra in the basis of the quantum immanants constructed by A. Okounkov and G. Olshanski."
"As sources of these relations are employed the Heisenberg equations/relations for the dynamical variables and a specific condition for uniqueness of the operators of the dynamical variables (with respect to some class of Lagrangians)."
"Here a study of spatial order is undertaken using a linear analysis of a commonly used model of SAQD formation based on surface diffusion."
""
"We prove a result that takes advantage of differences in rates of expansion in the terms of a sheaf cohomological long exact sequence to create unique lifts of finite dimensional invariant subspaces of one term of the sequence to invariant subspaces of the preceding term."
"The fractional Aharonov-Bohm oscillation (FABO) of narrow quantum rings with two electrons has been studied and has been explained in an analytical way, the evolution of the period and amplitudes against the magnetic field can be exactly described."
""
"In present paper we propose seemingly new method for finding solutions of some types of nonlinear PDEs in closed form. The method is based on decomposition of nonlinear operators on sequence of operators of lower orders. It is shown that decomposition process can be done by iterative procedure(s), each step of which is reduced to solution of some auxiliary PDEs system(s) for one dependent variable."
"We treat Koll\'ar's injectivity theorem from the analytic (or differential geometric) viewpoint. More precisely, we give a curvature condition which implies Koll\'ar type cohomology injectivity theorems. Our main theorem is formulated for a compact K\""ahler manifold, but the proof uses the space of harmonic forms on a Zariski open set with a suitable complete K\""ahler metric."
"This paper is an exposition of the so-called injective Morita contexts (in which the connecting bimodule morphisms are injective) and Morita $\alpha$contexts (in which the connecting bimodules enjoy some local projectivity in the sense of Zimmermann-Huisgen). Motivated by situations in which only one trace ideal is in action, or the compatibility between the bimodule morphisms is not needed, we introduce the notions of Morita semi-contexts and Morita data, and investigate them."
"We study the strong decays of the S-wave, P-wave, D-wave and radially excited charmed baryons using the $^3P_0$ model."
"Precision tests of the Kobayashi-Maskawa model of CP violation are discussed, pointing out possible signatures for other sources of CP violation and for new flavor-changing operators."
"Here a novel idea of Fundamental Forces is introduced. This allows us to perceive the General Theory of Relativity and Einstein's Equation from a new perspective."
"We present a critical review about the study of linear perturbations of matched spacetimes including gauge problems. We analyse the freedom introduced in the perturbed matching by the presence of background symmetries and revisit the particular case of spherically symmetry in n-dimensions."
"We define nonselfadjoint operator algebras with generators subject to the unitary commutation relations and classify these algebras up to isometric isomorphism in terms of the matrix u."
"We show that the globular cluster mass function (GCMF) in the Milky Way depends on cluster half-mass density (rho_h) and argue about the expected signature of the slow erosion of a mass function. We find excellent agreement between the observed GCMF and a simple model in which the relaxation-driven mass-loss rates of clusters are approximated."
"We discussed quantum deformations of D=4 Lorentz and Poincare algebras. In the case of Poincare algebra it is shown that almost all classical r-matrices of S. Zakrzewski classification correspond to twisted deformations of Abelian and Jordanian types."
"We investigate dynamical properties of bright solitons with a finite background in the F=1 spinor Bose-Einstein condensate (BEC), based on an integrable spinor model which is equivalent to the matrix nonlinear Schr" ,"{o}dinger equation with a self-focusing nonlinearity. We apply the inverse scattering method formulated for nonvanishing boundary conditions. The resulting soliton solutions can be regarded as a generalization of those under vanishing boundary conditions. One-soliton solutions are derived in an explicit manner. According to the behaviors at the infinity, they are classified into two kinds, domain-wall (DW) type and phase-shift (PS) type. The DW-type implies the ferromagnetic state with nonzero total spin and the PS-type implies the polar state, where the total spin amounts to zero. We also discuss two-soliton collisions. In particular, the spin-mixing phenomenon is confirmed in a collision involving the DW-type. The results are consistent with those of the previous studies for bright solitons under vanishing boundary conditions and dark solitons. As a result, we establish the robustness and the usefulness of the multiple matter-wave solitons in the spinor BECs."
"The path integral over Euclidean geometries for the recently suggested density matrix of the Universe is shown to describe a microcanonical ensemble in quantum cosmology."
"We employ granular hydrodynamics to investigate a paradigmatic problem of clustering of particles in a freely cooling dilute granular gas. We consider large-scale hydrodynamic motions where the viscosity and heat conduction can be neglected, and one arrives at the equations of ideal gas dynamics with an additional term describing bulk energy losses due to inelastic collisions. We employ Lagrangian coordinates and derive a broad family of exact non-stationary analytical solutions that depend only on one spatial coordinate. We confirm stability of the exact solutions with respect to small one-dimensional perturbations by solving the ideal hydrodynamic equations numerically. Furthermore, numerical solutions show that the local features of the density blowup hold universally, independently of details of the initial and boundary conditions."
"We restrict our discussion to tensorial fields only. In the context of bosonic string theory we consider on-shell pp-waves and argue that universality requires the existence of a universal sector of world-sheet operators whose correlation functions are insensitive to the pp-wave nature of the metric and the background gauge flux. We also study such pp-waves in non-polynomial closed string field theory (CSFT). In particular, we argue that for an off-shell pp-wave ansatz with flat transverse space and dilaton independent of transverse coordinates the field redefinition relating the low energy effective field theory and CSFT with all the massive modes integrated out is at most quadratic in fields. Furthermore, given the massless pp-wave field configurations, an iterative method for computing the higher massive modes using the CSFT equations of motion has been discussed."
"We give a quantitative analysis of clustering in a stochastic model of one-dimensional gas. Its proof is based on the discovered localization property of the aggregation process, which states that the behavior of each particle is essentially defined by the motion of neighbor particles."
"Then for each $\epsilon >0$ there exists a harmonic map $u^m\to H^n$ which is continuous up to the boundary (in the sense of Euclidean) and $u|_{\partial H^m}=(f^1,...,f^{n-1},\epsilon)$."
"Artificial opal posed on Cu plate at the temperature of liquid nitrogen boiling point (77 K) being irradiated by nanosecond ruby laser pulse produces long-term luminescence with a duration till ten seconds with a finely structured spectrum in the antistokes part of the spectrum." ,"In the case of the opal infiltrated with different nonlinear liquids the threshold of the luminescence is reduced and the spatial distribution of the bright emitting area on the opal surface is being changed." ,"In the case of putting the frozen nonlinear liquids on the Cu plate long-term blue bright luminescence took place in the frozen species of the liquids."
"Statistical modeling of experimental physical laws is based on the probability density function of measured variables. It is expressed by experimental data via a kernel estimator. The kernel is determined objectively by the scattering of data during calibration of experimental setup. A physical law, which relates measured variables, is optimally extracted from experimental data by the conditional average estimator. It is derived directly from the kernel estimator and corresponds to a general nonparametric regression. The proposed method is demonstrated by the modeling of a return map of noisy chaotic data. In this example, the nonparametric regression is used to predict a future value of chaotic time series from the present one. The mean predictor error is used in the definition of predictor quality, while the redundancy is expressed by the mean square distance between data points. Both statistics are used in a new definition of predictor cost function. From the minimum of the predictor cost function, a proper number of data in the model is estimated."
"Real Options for Project Schedules (ROPS) has three recursive sampling/optimization shells. An outer Adaptive Simulated Annealing (ASA) optimization shell optimizes parameters of strategic Plans containing multiple Projects containing ordered Tasks. A middle shell samples probability distributions of durations of Tasks. An inner shell samples probability distributions of costs of Tasks. PATHTREE is used to develop options on schedules. Algorithms used for Trading in Risk Dimensions (TRD) are applied to develop a relative risk analysis among projects."
"We combine classical methods of combinatorial group theory with the theory of small cancellations over relatively hyperbolic groups to construct finitely generated torsion-free groups that have only finitely many classes of conjugate elements. Moreover, we present several results concerning embeddings into such groups. As another application of these techniques, we prove that every countable group $C$ can be realized as a group of outer automorphisms of a group $N$, where $N$ is a finitely generated group having Kazhdan's property (T) and containing exactly two conjugacy classes."
"In particular we compute the energy density as a function of the chemical potential and the temperature."
"Here we analyze a number of arguments claiming that phonons cannot be the origin of certain self-energy effects seen in high-$T_c$ cuprate superconductors via angle resolved photoemission experiments (ARPES), including the temperature dependence, doping dependence of the renormalization effects, the inter-band scattering in the bilayer systems, and impurity substitution."
"We consider particle orbits in potential models which fit the lensing data."
"This is done via a study of the geometry of G and a generalization of P. Pansu's thesis."
"In this note we present three representations of a 248-dimensional Lie algebra, namely the algebra of Lie point symmetries admitted by a system of five trivial ordinary differential equations each of order forty-four, that admitted by a system of seven trivial ordinary differential equations each of order twenty-eight and that admitted by one trivial ordinary differential equation of order two hundred and forty-four."
"Our emphasis is on use of representation theory in classification theory."
"Sparse Code Division Multiple Access (CDMA), a variation on the standard CDMA method in which the spreading (signature) matrix contains only a relatively small number of non-zero elements, is presented and analysed using methods of statistical physics."
"In the course of this work, we introduce the novel notion of $Y$-dominated majorisation between the spectra of two Hermitian matrices, where $Y$ is itself a Hermitian matrix, and prove a certain property of this relation that allows to strengthen the results of Bourin-Uchiyama and Kosem, mentioned above."
"The topological structure of the event horizon has been investigated in terms of the Morse theory."
